ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/util/DialogManager.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.util.DialogManager
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultagenerica/detalle/ConsultaClaveValorGenerica.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultagenerica.detalle.ConsultaClaveValorGenerica
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoConfiguracion.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoConfiguracion
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/ItemMenuPrincipal.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.ItemMenuPrincipal
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/industrial/rutasupervisor.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.industrial.rutasupervisor
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pcargainventario/LogicaCargaInventario.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargainventario.LogicaCargaInventario
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoPRECIO_ESCALA.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoPRECIO_ESCALA
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultagenerica/detalle/envioclientenuevo.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultagenerica.detalle.envioclientenuevo
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/penviapendientes/PantallaManagerEnviaPendientes.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.penviapendientes.PantallaManagerEnviaPendientes
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/Tracking/LocationListener.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.LocationListener
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/Tracking/Tracking.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.Tracking
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Cliente.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Cliente
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Pagos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Pagos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/item_cheques.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.item_cheques
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoDeposito.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoDeposito
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/MyOpenHelper.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.MyOpenHelper
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistapedidos/LogicaListaPedidos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistapedidos.LogicaListaPedidos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoDESCUENTO_FORMAPAGO.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoDESCUENTO_FORMAPAGO
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoCodigosNuevos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoCodigosNuevos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/ChequePagos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.ChequePagos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Articulo.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Articulo
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultaclientes/AdapterConsultaClientes.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaclientes.AdapterConsultaClientes
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaclientes.AdapterConsultaClientes$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaclientes.AdapterConsultaClientes$EnvoltorioAux
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultactacte/PantallaManagerConsultaCtaCte.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.PantallaManagerConsultaCtaCte
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.PantallaManagerConsultaCtaCte$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.PantallaManagerConsultaCtaCte$1$1
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistainventario/AdapterListaInventario.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistainventario.AdapterListaInventario
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistainventario.AdapterListaInventario$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistainventario.AdapterListaInventario$EnvoltorioAux
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistainventario/PantallaManagerListaInventario.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistainventario.PantallaManagerListaInventario
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoChequePagos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoChequePagos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/util/Utilidades.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.util.Utilidades
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Deposito.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Deposito
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultaclientes/ListenerConsultaClientes.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaclientes.ListenerConsultaClientes
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultagenerica/detalle/ActivityConsultaGenericaDetalle.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultagenerica.detalle.ActivityConsultaGenericaDetalle
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultagenerica.detalle.ActivityConsultaGenericaDetalle$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultagenerica.detalle.ActivityConsultaGenericaDetalle$1$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultagenerica.detalle.ActivityConsultaGenericaDetalle$2
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultagenerica.detalle.ActivityConsultaGenericaDetalle$3
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultagenerica/detalle/obtenerCodigos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultagenerica.detalle.obtenerCodigos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultactacte/PantallaPagosPrincipal.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.PantallaPagosPrincipal
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/util/AlertManager.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.util.AlertManager
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultastock/ActivityConsultaStock.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultastock.ActivityConsultaStock
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/util/Base64new.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.util.Base64new
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.util.Base64new$Coder
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.util.Base64new$Decoder
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.util.Base64new$Encoder
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pcargainventario/ListenerCargaInventario.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargainventario.ListenerCargaInventario
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pcargapedidos/ActivityCargaPedidos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargapedidos.ActivityCargaPedidos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/Tracking/GPSTracker.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.GPSTracker
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.GPSTracker$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.GPSTracker$2
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/BranchSession.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.BranchSession
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/FiltrosBusqueda.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.FiltrosBusqueda
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoInterface.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoInterface
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/ItemConsultaStock.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.ItemConsultaStock
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultaclientes/LogicaConsultaClientes.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaclientes.LogicaConsultaClientes
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaclientes.LogicaConsultaClientes$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaclientes.LogicaConsultaClientes$2
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/reportepedidos/ReporteActivity.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.reportepedidos.ReporteActivity
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/penviapendientes/ThreadEnvioIndustrial.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.penviapendientes.ThreadEnvioIndustrial
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/Tracking/SaveStatusBranchTracking.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.SaveStatusBranchTracking
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/item_lista_inventario.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.item_lista_inventario
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/ItemClaveValor.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.ItemClaveValor
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/penviapendientes/ActivityEnviaPendientes.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.penviapendientes.ActivityEnviaPendientes
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/gps/GpsListener.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.gps.GpsListener
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/ItemCargaInventarioActivity.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.ItemCargaInventarioActivity
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultactacte/ThreadConsultaCtaCte.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.ThreadConsultaCtaCte
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoDESCUENTO_VOLUMEN.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoDESCUENTO_VOLUMEN
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/listavisita.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.listavisita
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Token.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Token
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Inventario.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Inventario
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Registro.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Registro
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/penviapendientes/ThreadEnvio.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.penviapendientes.ThreadEnvio
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/ConfiguracionSession.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.ConfiguracionSession
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoRubro.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoRubro
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/Daoreporteitem.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.Daoreporteitem
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/penviapendientes/ThredDevolucionesIndustrial.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.penviapendientes.ThredDevolucionesIndustrial
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultaarticulos/PantallaManagerConsultaArticulos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaarticulos.PantallaManagerConsultaArticulos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Pedido.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Pedido
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistavisitas/ListenerListaVisita.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistavisitas.ListenerListaVisita
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/gps/GpsReader.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.gps.GpsReader
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultaarticulos/ListenerConsultaArticulos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaarticulos.ListenerConsultaArticulos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoInventario.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoInventario
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultactacte/OperacionesPagos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.OperacionesPagos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Cartera.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Cartera
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/item_reporte.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.item_reporte
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/CodigoSession.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.CodigoSession
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/Tracking/SaveNewBranchTracking.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.SaveNewBranchTracking
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DataManager.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DataManager
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pcargapedidos/ListenerCargaPedidos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargapedidos.ListenerCargaPedidos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/Tracking/TrackingBussiness.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.TrackingBussiness
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/GpsLocation.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.GpsLocation
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/Tracking/User.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.User
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/DESCUENTO_VOLUMEN.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.DESCUENTO_VOLUMEN
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistavisitas/LogicaListaVisita.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistavisitas.LogicaListaVisita
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pcargainventario/AdapterCargaInventario.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargainventario.AdapterCargaInventario
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargainventario.AdapterCargaInventario$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargainventario.AdapterCargaInventario$EnvoltorioAux
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoCartera.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoCartera
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pmenuprincipal/AdapterMenuPrincipal.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pmenuprincipal.AdapterMenuPrincipal
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pmenuprincipal.AdapterMenuPrincipal$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pmenuprincipal.AdapterMenuPrincipal$EnvoltorioAux
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/PRECIO_ESCALA.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.PRECIO_ESCALA
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultastock/ThreadConsultaStock.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultastock.ThreadConsultaStock
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/industrial/pedidoindustrial.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.industrial.pedidoindustrial
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultactacte/ListenerConsultaCtaCte.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.ListenerConsultaCtaCte
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/reportecabecera.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.reportecabecera
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/Daoinventariodetalles.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.Daoinventariodetalles
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/DialogSolicitarCantidadInventarioActivity.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.DialogSolicitarCantidadInventarioActivity
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultactacte/dialog_chequespagos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.dialog_chequespagos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/penviapendientes/ThreadEnvioVisitas.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.penviapendientes.ThreadEnvioVisitas
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/Tracking/TokenKey.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.TokenKey
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoToken.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoToken
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/penviapendientes/LogicaEnviaPendientes.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.penviapendientes.LogicaEnviaPendientes
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/CodigosNuevos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.CodigosNuevos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/Tracking/Post.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.Post
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultactacte/ActivityConsultaCtaCte.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.ActivityConsultaCtaCte
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/ItemCtaCte.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.ItemCtaCte
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/visita.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita$10
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita$10$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita$10$2
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita$2
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita$3
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita$4
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita$5
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita$6
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita$6$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita$7
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita$8
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.visita$9
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/psincronizar/ActivitySincronizar.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psincronizar.ActivitySincronizar
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Rubro.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Rubro
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/psincronizar/PantallaManagerSincronizacion.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psincronizar.PantallaManagerSincronizacion
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psincronizar.PantallaManagerSincronizacion$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psincronizar.PantallaManagerSincronizacion$2
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psincronizar.PantallaManagerSincronizacion$3
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/util/IAlertResult.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.util.IAlertResult
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/BuildConfig.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.BuildConfig
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoCliente.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoCliente
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Capania.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Capania
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoVendedor.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoVendedor
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/item_carga_visitas.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.item_carga_visitas
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistapedidos/ListenerListaPedidos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistapedidos.ListenerListaPedidos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultastock/LogicaConsultaStock.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultastock.LogicaConsultaStock
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/psincronizar/ThreadSincronizacion.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psincronizar.ThreadSincronizacion
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoDESCUENTO_AVENA.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoDESCUENTO_AVENA
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pcargapedidos/LogicaCargaPedidos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargapedidos.LogicaCargaPedidos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/PedidoItem.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.PedidoItem
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/industrial/DemoJobCreator.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.industrial.DemoJobCreator
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.industrial.DemoJobCreator$AddReceiver
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pmenuprincipal/PantallaManagerMenuPrincipal.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pmenuprincipal.PantallaManagerMenuPrincipal
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pmenuprincipal/LogicaMenuPrincipal.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pmenuprincipal.LogicaMenuPrincipal
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/DESCUENTO_FORMAPAGO.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.DESCUENTO_FORMAPAGO
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/psplash/ActivitySplash.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psplash.ActivitySplash
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psplash.ActivitySplash$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psplash.ActivitySplash$2
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psplash.ActivitySplash$3
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultactacte/LogicaConsultaCtaCte.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.LogicaConsultaCtaCte
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.LogicaConsultaCtaCte$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.LogicaConsultaCtaCte$2
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.LogicaConsultaCtaCte$3
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.LogicaConsultaCtaCte$4
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.LogicaConsultaCtaCte$5
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.LogicaConsultaCtaCte$6
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.LogicaConsultaCtaCte$7
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pcargapedidos/PantallaManagerCargaPedidos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargapedidos.PantallaManagerCargaPedidos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Reporte.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Reporte
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultagenerica/detalle/AdapterConsultaGenericaDetalle.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultagenerica.detalle.AdapterConsultaGenericaDetalle
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultagenerica.detalle.AdapterConsultaGenericaDetalle$EnvoltorioAuxClaveValor
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/shared/HttpManager.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.shared.HttpManager
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pmenuprincipal/ListenerMenuPrincipal.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pmenuprincipal.ListenerMenuPrincipal
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/reportepedidos/reportepedidosE.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.reportepedidos.reportepedidosE
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultaclientes/ActivityConsultaClientes.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaclientes.ActivityConsultaClientes
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/newservice/PostService.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.newservice.PostService
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistainventario/LogicaListainventario.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistainventario.LogicaListainventario
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistainventario/ListenerListaInventario.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistainventario.ListenerListaInventario
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/Tracking/RouteBranches.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.RouteBranches
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plogin/PantallaManagerLogin.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plogin.PantallaManagerLogin
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pmenuprincipal/ActivityMenuPrincipal.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pmenuprincipal.ActivityMenuPrincipal
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultastock/AdapterConsultaStock.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultastock.AdapterConsultaStock
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultastock.AdapterConsultaStock$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultastock.AdapterConsultaStock$EnvoltorioAux
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistavisitas/PantallaManagerListavisita.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistavisitas.PantallaManagerListavisita
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/reportepedidos/AdapterListaReportePedidos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.reportepedidos.AdapterListaReportePedidos
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.reportepedidos.AdapterListaReportePedidos$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.reportepedidos.AdapterListaReportePedidos$EnvoltorioAux
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pcargapedidos/AdapterCargaPedidos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargapedidos.AdapterCargaPedidos
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargapedidos.AdapterCargaPedidos$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargapedidos.AdapterCargaPedidos$EnvoltorioAux
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Vendedor.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Vendedor
ImageManager.java
 ImageManager
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plogin/ActivityLogin.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plogin.ActivityLogin
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plogin.ActivityLogin$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plogin.ActivityLogin$2
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoPagos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoPagos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/CuentaSession.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.CuentaSession
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/util/IntentManager.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.util.IntentManager
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/DESCUENTO_AVENA.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.DESCUENTO_AVENA
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Cheques.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Cheques
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultagenerica/detalle/ActualizarGeo.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultagenerica.detalle.ActualizarGeo
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoPedidoItem.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoPedidoItem
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistapedidos/ActivityListaPedidos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistapedidos.ActivityListaPedidos
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistapedidos.ActivityListaPedidos$1
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistapedidos/AdapterListaPedidos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistapedidos.AdapterListaPedidos
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistapedidos.AdapterListaPedidos$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistapedidos.AdapterListaPedidos$EnvoltorioAux
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/Tracking/JavaRestClient.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.JavaRestClient
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.JavaRestClient$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.JavaRestClient$2
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.JavaRestClient$3
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.JavaRestClient$4
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.JavaRestClient$5
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.JavaRestClient$6
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultactacte/dialog_vistaimagen.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.dialog_vistaimagen
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoArticulo.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoArticulo
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/shared/AppSysMobile.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.shared.AppSysMobile
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultactacte/AdapterReportePagos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.AdapterReportePagos
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.AdapterReportePagos$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.AdapterReportePagos$EnvoltorioAux
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultaarticulos/ActivityConsultaArticulos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaarticulos.ActivityConsultaArticulos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plogin/LogicaLogin.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plogin.LogicaLogin
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pcargainventario/PantallaManagerCargaInventario.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargainventario.PantallaManagerCargaInventario
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/VisitasUio.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.VisitasUio
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoVisitasUio.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoVisitasUio
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistainventario/InventarioActivity.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistainventario.InventarioActivity
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistainventario.InventarioActivity$1
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultactacte/AdapterChequesCta.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.AdapterChequesCta
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.AdapterChequesCta$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.AdapterChequesCta$2
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.AdapterChequesCta$3
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.AdapterChequesCta$4
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.AdapterChequesCta$EnvoltorioAux
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultactacte/reporte_pagos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.reporte_pagos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/psincronizar/ProcesaJson.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psincronizar.ProcesaJson
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/reporteitem.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.reporteitem
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/PagosDetalles.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.PagosDetalles
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultactacte/AdapterConsultaCtaCte.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.AdapterConsultaCtaCte
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.AdapterConsultaCtaCte$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultactacte.AdapterConsultaCtaCte$EnvoltorioAux
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/Daoreportecabecera.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.Daoreportecabecera
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/fragment_main.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.fragment_main
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pcargainventario/CargaInventarioActivity.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pcargainventario.CargaInventarioActivity
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultastock/PantallaManagerConsultaStock.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultastock.PantallaManagerConsultaStock
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/penviapendientes/ThreadEnvioinvnetario.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.penviapendientes.ThreadEnvioinvnetario
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/inventariodetalles.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.inventariodetalles
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistavisitas/VisitaActivity.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistavisitas.VisitaActivity
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistavisitas.VisitaActivity$1
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistavisitas/AdapterListaVisita.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistavisitas.AdapterListaVisita
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistavisitas.AdapterListaVisita$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistavisitas.AdapterListaVisita$EnvoltorioAux
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultaarticulos/AdapterConsultaArticulos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaarticulos.AdapterConsultaArticulos
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaarticulos.AdapterConsultaArticulos$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaarticulos.AdapterConsultaArticulos$EnvoltorioAux
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/Tracking/SetTracking.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.SetTracking
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/penviapendientes/ListenerEnviaPendientes.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.penviapendientes.ListenerEnviaPendientes
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plistapedidos/PantallaManagerListaPedidos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plistapedidos.PantallaManagerListaPedidos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/plogin/ListenerLogin.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.plogin.ListenerLogin
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/psincronizar/ThreadParser.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psincronizar.ThreadParser
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psincronizar.ThreadParser$1
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/penviapendientes/ThreadEnvioPagos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.penviapendientes.ThreadEnvioPagos
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/psincronizar/LogicaSincronizacion.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psincronizar.LogicaSincronizacion
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/ConfiguracionDB.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.ConfiguracionDB
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/industrial/ServerPollingJob.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.industrial.ServerPollingJob
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultaclientes/PantallaManagerConsultaClientes.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaclientes.PantallaManagerConsultaClientes
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconfig/ActivityConfig.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconfig.ActivityConfig
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/pconsultaarticulos/LogicaConsultaArticulos.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaarticulos.LogicaConsultaArticulos
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaarticulos.LogicaConsultaArticulos$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.pconsultaarticulos.LogicaConsultaArticulos$2
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/entities/Branch.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.entities.Branch
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/Tracking/PostService.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.Tracking.PostService
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/industrial/MapsActivity.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.industrial.MapsActivity
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.industrial.MapsActivity$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.industrial.MapsActivity$2
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.industrial.MapsActivity$2$1
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.industrial.MapsActivity$2$2
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/psincronizar/ListenerSincronizacion.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.psincronizar.ListenerSincronizacion
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoCuenta.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoCuenta
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoPagosDetalles.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoPagosDetalles
ar/com/syswork/sysmobile/daos/DaoPedido.java
 ar.com.syswork.sysmobile.daos.DaoPedido
